others are welcome to our
chapter number 19 of my life in
second part slaves and well we continue
with our third page of this already
our last piece of opaline in my
case and good this page I think it's going
to like it'll be very happy going
to use me a background of a paper
decorated in yellow which I will
try the edges I will use
several pieces of paper to decorate
and well we enter with the requirements the
first requirement is that they have chevron
it's even I'm going to use these three
pieces of paper that have chevron and I'm going to
Inking all edges with ink in
pink color the second requirement is that
have a photograph the photograph is going to
be about the subject what will be the
theme as the theme will be children or
nephews
I know that moms especially
you will like this page a lot because
they are going to put pictures with their children or
their children and good for those who do not
that we do not have children but always good
we have in our nephews our
godson there are always cousins we speak
with brothers and sisters of the little brothers
that always cheers us life then
that this page is dedicated to children
of our family that we do
happy days
in my case the title that is the third
requirement to do my nephews but good
you can put they were going to put
pictures of your children from your little brothers
their godchildren of their cousins ​​like
you want the whole title is that
is obviously significant to the
photograph they are putting another one of
the requirements is that you have in
pennants I'm going to use here
some wasi text to put to do
I'll put some pennants in a
twain in a tony here a color
yellow and good I will use 4 was it
It takes different to make my
pennants the only thing I'm going to do is
paste the folded sitech water pieces
in half and then I'm going to make some
small triangles to form my
pennants that in the end I'm going to stick in
the arribita under the title arribita la
photo and good
I am going to clarify to you some doubt that they have
asked about previous videos about
albany n paper that is albal paper
n is also known as apple bellum
I told them that they could also use
paper
Napkin paper or some thin paper
neither of you frustrate me of
suddenly I think they get a little frustrated and
they do not find the solution but good
watch the videos well I explain them
everything and good the last of the requirements
of this page will be to have sweets
candies
I have these stickers here about
candy that they saw that I put out there if
you do not have chord stickers in
that can print them draw it
cut them what you want but
Well the joke of this page is that
have sweets or candies and Well
here I'm going to paste my page
to my base and I'm going to make a fake cooked
with the white gel pen so that you
give a little more life to my page and
Well, that's how we got this
page another of the doubts now that I
agreement they are making me on the page
previous of my work that if they are not
working they can put on their school
also if you are studying something about
your school or if you do not study and work
what they would like to work for
housewives this is also a job
then I was not frustrated and good
we repeat the requirements of this page
the first is that you have chevron is the
second that you have a photograph on
third the title the fourth is that you have
pennants and the fifth one is to have
candies and well I hope you have them
liked this page and now we finish
we have very little to build
our album and that we stay totally
finished and well then I will be in
Any doubt the comment I
they can leave here shortly and that I with
I would very much like to respond and good
I see them in the next video that
wasted creations and bye